README.md, before:

# 🗳️🔬🕵️ audit-conductor 🎼🎶🎻

Central repo for software to aid Rhode Island's January 2019 post-election pilot audit.

The aim is to re-implement as little as possible, and instead focus on
coordinating ("conducting") the behavior of pieces of existing software running
simultaneously and in tandem.

In the conductor analogy, the other repos (CORLA/SUITE, BCTool, BPTool) are the
musicians. We bring them in as submodules of our forks, so we can diverge
when needed but also have the option to easily merge back upstream. We can then
simply import them as python modules.

## Installation

In a python3 venv with python >= 3.4:

  - pip install hypothesis matplotlib numpy scipy cryptorandom pytest flask
  - git submodule update --init --recursive

Maybe todo:

  - (mini)conda
  - Debian/Ubuntu packages

## Tests

You can run the tests by starting up the server (see Usage), optionally capturing
the debug output (stdout and stderr), and then running these tests.

    pytest test/test_reset.py
    pytest test/test_comparison_setup.py
    # Manually visit http://127.0.0.1:5000 and upload the Bristol Manifest and CVR
    pytest test/test_comparison_acvrs.py

    # manually visit http://127.0.0.1:5000 and click on "Click to enter interpretations", and wait
    # for the results of "Computing audit status..." to be calculated
    # Stop the server if desired to stop logging stdout/stderr

TODO: Automate the file uploads
      Use Hypothesis to chain those all together
      Find a way to test more of the output and results

Older test of SUITE:

    pytest test/test.py

## Usage

    FLASK_APP=conductor.py flask run

## Other requirements

  - Browser: will not work with IE 8 (IE 9 came out in 2011)
    - document.querySelector(':checked')
    - Array.filter, Array.indexOf
    - Array.includes (maybe too new -- replace?)

Commit message:

Need to install zerotest for testing

README.md, after:

# 🗳️🔬🕵️ audit-conductor 🎼🎶🎻

Central repo for software to aid Rhode Island's January 2019 post-election pilot audit.

The aim is to re-implement as little as possible, and instead focus on
coordinating ("conducting") the behavior of pieces of existing software running
simultaneously and in tandem.

In the conductor analogy, the other repos (CORLA/SUITE, BCTool, BPTool) are the
musicians. We bring them in as submodules of our forks, so we can diverge
when needed but also have the option to easily merge back upstream. We can then
simply import them as python modules.

## Installation

In a python3 venv with python >= 3.4:

  - pip install hypothesis matplotlib numpy scipy cryptorandom pytest flask
  - git submodule update --init --recursive

Maybe todo:

  - (mini)conda
  - Debian/Ubuntu packages

## Tests

To run the tests, you'll need zerotest:

    pip install zerotest

You can run a "smoketest" by starting up the server (see Usage), optionally capturing
the debug output (stdout and stderr), and then running these tests.

    pytest test/test_reset.py
    pytest test/test_comparison_setup.py
    # Manually visit http://127.0.0.1:5000 and upload the Bristol Manifest and CVR
    pytest test/test_comparison_acvrs.py

    # manually visit http://127.0.0.1:5000 and click on "Click to enter interpretations", and wait
    # for the results of "Computing audit status..." to be calculated
    # Stop the server if desired to stop logging stdout/stderr

TODO: Automate the file uploads
      Use Hypothesis to chain those all together
      Find a way to test more of the output and results

Older test of SUITE:

    pytest test/test.py

## Usage

    FLASK_APP=conductor.py flask run

## Other requirements

  - Browser: will not work with IE 8 (IE 9 came out in 2011)
    - document.querySelector(':checked')
    - Array.filter, Array.indexOf
    - Array.includes (maybe too new -- replace?)
